630SHU
Everyone turned to look at the sound, only to see a woman in white walking in the distance.
She was dressed in white, with a white silk scarf on her head, but her delicate feet were bare, covered in bloodstains from the broken stones and thorns on the ground.
The woman's skin was as white as jade, her eyes were like peach blossoms, and she was surrounded by a divine aura, as if she were a fairy who had walked out of an ancient forest, free from any worldly distractions.
Her cultivation was not obvious, and although she was surrounded by divine aura, she seemed like someone who knew nothing about cultivation, stepping on the hard stones with her beautiful feet, and even cutting her toes on the stones, which trembled slightly from the pain.
But her face still had a serene smile, and her eyes, like autumn water, were enough to make everyone present feel ashamed.
She was like a pure mirror, which made people feel inferior in her presence. Her beauty seemed to lie in her impeccable character, and it was the first time in Long Chen's life that he had seen a woman with such elegance.
"This woman is a bit strange, and I can't see through her cultivation." When the woman appeared, even Long Zhantian was stunned.
Long Chen's heart, however, froze. Even his father couldn't see through her, which was amazing. But no matter what her identity was, her previous words had made Long Chen somewhat unhappy.
"You may not know me, but I'm not a businessman, Miss." Long Chen looked at the woman and spoke without reservation.
When the woman appeared, the eyes of Guo Ran and the others were deeply attracted to her, not just them, even Bai Shishi and Yu Qingxuan were shocked.
The woman was obviously here to plead for those people, and she was pretending to be a good person here for no reason, which was extremely annoying.
But for some reason, no one could be angry with her, and even felt that it was blasphemy to go against her. Long Chen's tone of voice towards her made everyone feel that he was being a little excessive.
This had to make everyone feel shocked from the bottom of their hearts. Long Chen had always been their backbone, and they had never questioned any of his decisions. But today, there was a subtle change because of this woman. If this was a unique ability of hers, it would be terrifying.
Facing Long Chen's cold response, the woman still had a smile on her face, and her smile seemed to be able to heal all the world's sorrows and wipe away all the troubles. Long Chen looked at her smile, and his heart couldn't help but freeze, and...