630SHU
As the crowd looked towards the sound, they saw a woman in white walking towards them from a distance.
The woman was dressed in white, with a white silk scarf on her head, but her delicate feet were bare and covered in bloodstains from being cut by the broken stones and thorns on the ground.
Her skin was as white as jade, her eyes were like peach blossoms, and she was surrounded by a fairy-like aura, as if she had emerged from an ancient forest untouched by the world.
Despite her ethereal aura, her cultivation was not apparent, and she seemed like someone who knew nothing about the practice. Her beautiful feet stepped on the hard stones, and it was clear that the toes were cut by the stones, causing her to tremble in pain.
But her face still wore a serene smile, and her eyes, like autumn water, were enough to make everyone present feel ashamed.
She was like a holy mirror that made people feel inferior in her presence. Her beauty seemed to lie in her impeccable character. In all of Longchen's existence, it was the first time he had seen a woman with such grace.
"This woman is a bit strange, and I can't see through her cultivation." Even Long Zhantian was stunned when the woman appeared.
Long Chen's heart skipped a beat, as even his father couldn't read her. However, regardless of the woman's identity, her previous words had made Long Chen unhappy.
"Miss, you may not understand me. I'm not a businessman." Long Chen looked at the woman without any politeness.
When the woman appeared, the eyes of Guo Ran and the others were deeply attracted to her, not just Guo Ran and the others, but even Bai Shishi and Yu Qingxuan looked at her in shock.
The woman was clearly here to plead for those people, and she was being kind for no apparent reason, which made people extremely uncomfortable.
But for some reason, no one could be angry with her. Even going against her would be considered blasphemy, and Long Chen's tone towards her would be considered excessive.
This had to make everyone feel shocked from the bottom of their hearts. Long Chen had always been their backbone, and they had never questioned any of his decisions. But today, there was a subtle change because of this woman, and if this was a unique ability of hers, it was terrifying.
In the face of Long Chen's cold response, the woman still wore a smile on her face. Her smile seemed to heal all the sorrows in the world and wipe away all the troubles. Long Chen looked at her smile and couldn't help but feel a chill run down his spine. He didn't know...