630SHU
Everyone turned to the source of the sound and saw a woman in white approaching in the distance.
She wore a white dress with a white silk scarf on her head, but her bare feet were covered in bloodstains from being cut by the rocks and thorns on the ground.
She had fair skin like jade, eyes like peach blossoms, and was surrounded by an ethereal aura, like a fairy who had walked out of an ancient forest, untouched by the world.
Despite the aura, her cultivation was not obvious, as if she knew nothing about practicing cultivation. Her beautiful feet stepped on the hard stones, and even the stones cut her toes, causing them to tremble with pain.
However, she still wore a calm smile on her face, and her eyes, as clear as autumn water, were enough to make everyone present feel inferior.
She seemed like a holy mirror, and in her presence, it was easy for people to feel humble. Her beauty seemed to stem from her flawless character. Dragon Dust had never seen a woman with such a temperament before.
"This woman is quite strange, and I can't figure out her cultivation." Even Long Zhantian was stunned when the woman appeared.
But Long Chen's heart was filled with apprehension. Even his father could not see through her, which was too astonishing. But regardless of her identity, her previous words had made Long Chen feel somewhat uncomfortable.
"You may not know me, but I, Long Chen, am not a merchant." Long Chen looked at the woman without reservation.
When the woman appeared, the eyes of Guo Ran and the others were deeply attracted to her, not just them, but even Bai Shi Shi and Yu Qing Xuan were shocked.
She was clearly here to plead for those people, and yet she was acting like a good person without any reason, which was extremely annoying.
But for some reason, no one could be angry with her, and even felt that defying her would be blasphemy. Long Chen's tone towards her even made everyone feel that he was going too far.
This had to make everyone feel shocked from the bottom of their hearts. After all, Long Chen had always been their backbone, and they had never questioned any of his decisions. But today, because of this woman, a subtle change had occurred. If this was a unique ability of this woman, then it was terrifying.
Facing Long Chen's cold response, the woman still wore a smile on her face, a smile that seemed to heal all the sadness and wipe away all the worries in the world. Long Chen looked at her smile, feeling a chill in his heart...